The first step in our streamlined audit process. Click to anywhere in the card to open the link of form. You can find your Auditor ID along with the e-mail initiating the start of audit. Note that the system will email you regarding your entry, whether it failed to submit, was rejected, or was accepted. Once accepted, continue to (3) Verification process

Once you receive an email addressing that your submittion was rejected, you may use this link to revise your entry. Once accepted, continue to (3) Verification process. Required RFA No. along with the matter to be addressed will be included in your email notice. Note that the system will email you regarding your entry, whether it failed to submit, was rejected, or was accepted.

Issuance of response Microsoft form links. This action is to be taken only by Process Owners.

Click anywhere in the card to open the link of form. Your RFA No. can be found in the email initiating this process. Upon submission, a PDF Copy will be emailed to you to sign. Submit the accomplished RFA together with the supporting documents to the email address of your assigned auditor and to isorfa@bpsu.edu.ph. 

Reminder of schedule and what's next for Process Owners

Reminder that the submission of RFA and supporting documents is until February 01, 2024. Regularly check your email regarding your status, whether your submission failed due to invalid input or your submission has been received by the system. Once form is submitted without an issue, kindly wait for the...(next action to be taken by process owners)

Links for verification of implemantation and effectiveness. This action is to be taken by auditors.

The RFA No. and Auditor ID required will be given in the email initiating this process. The system will email you regarding the status of your entry. If RFA is not resolved, Kindly wait for the second verification form link to open. Once resolved, kindly wait for the announcement of (IQA HEAD) for the next action.

In the event of RFA remains unresolved after the first verification, click anywhere in this card to issue a second verification. If RFA is still not resolved, Kindly wait for the third verification form link to open. Once resolved, kindly wait for the announcement of (IQA HEAD) for the next action.

In the event of RFA remains unresolved after the second verification, click anywhere in this card to issue the third and final verification. If RFA still persists and still is not resolved, please refer to the announcement of (IQA HEAD) for the next action.

